Start Line!
Kizuna AI
♪ Dreams aren’t meant to just be imagined ♪
(yume wa miru mono janai)
♪ They’re meant to come true ♪
(kanaeru mono dayo)
♪ Let’s be honest ♪
(kagayakitai shoudou ni)
♪ with our wishes to shine ♪
(sunao de iyou)
♪ Start Line~! ♪
♪ If you ever find the day you stop and hesitate ♪
(moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa)
♪ Just close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart ♪
(hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite)
♪The words “I won’t give up” become my path forward ♪
("akiramenai" sono kotoba ga michi ni naru)
♪ to the scenery I saw that day ♪
(ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou)
♪ Trying to be like someone else is just so boring ♪
(dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa)
♪ Everyone is different to one another, so let’s reach for a miracle ♪
(hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou)
♪ Dreams aren’t meant to just be imagined ♪
(yume wa miru mono janai)
♪ They’re meant to come true ♪
(kanaeru mono dayo)
♪ Let’s be honest ♪
(kagayakitai shoudou ni)
♪ with our wishes to shine ♪
(sunao de iyou)
♪ Things like regret ♪
(koukai nante zettai)
♪ don’t suit you at all ♪
(kimi ni wa niawanai)
♪ So with our endless passion let’s fly over the ♪
(kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoete ikou)
♪ Start Line~! ♪
♪ So lift up your head ♪
(saa kao agete)
♪ There’s a chance waiting for you ♪
(chansu ga matteru)
Original song: Start Line! (Aikatsu Stars!)
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait